README.md, before:

# WWWW SERVER - Web Server 
[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/total.svg)]()
[![GitHub status](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/actions/workflows/codacy-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest)](http://ansicolortags.readthedocs.io/?badge=latest)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/releases/)
[![GitHub commits](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/v1.0.0.svg)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/commit/)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg?style=social&label=Fork&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/network/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/stargazers/)
[![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg?style=social&label=Watch&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/watchers/)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/X0xx-1110.svg?style=social&label=Follow&maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110?tab=followers)

WWWW Server is high speed, secure and stable web server. Includes inside html, xml, php5, php7.0, php7.4, php8.0 rending of all. There are posible communication with x_GET variable about more capabilities. Includes capabilities about fast optimization and testing of all aspects on web developing.

## Getting Started [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest)](http://ansicolortags.readthedocs.io/?badge=latest)

1. When you are ready about starting new web server you must to specify number of the port, that will.
2. Then must  to specify and directory about your web files. Where are they?
3. These things you could done inside file web_server.php at the end.
4. Be careful within directory, you could browse in files only if there are in. 


```php
$htpx_serverR = new WWWWW_server();
$htpx_serverR->http_server(8282, "/home/XXXX/Desktop/www1/" );
```

## Running the tests

```bash
sudo php8.0 web_server.php
```
Then we get the web server on (http://127.0.0.1:8282/)



## Example: [![Version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/tterb%2FHyde.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/tterb%2FHyde)
Inside your browser (http://127.0.0.1:8282/index.php)


## Authors [![Code of Conduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

* **Kaloyan Hristov** - (https://github.com/X0xx-1110)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/atomic-design-ui.svg?)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/blob/main/LICENSE)

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Inspiration about it all.
* Inspiration at all.
* About Inspiration

Commit message:

Work about!
Any Idias for more.

README.md, after:

# WWWW SERVER - Web Server 
[![Github All Releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg)]()
[![GitHub status](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/actions/workflows/codacy-analysis.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest)](http://ansicolortags.readthedocs.io/?badge=latest)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/releases/)
[![GitHub commits](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg?style=social&label=Fork&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/commit/)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg?style=social&label=Fork&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/network/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg?style=social&label=Star&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/stargazers/)
[![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server.svg?style=social&label=Watch&maxAge=2592000)](https://GitHub.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/watchers/)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/X0xx-1110.svg?style=social&label=Follow&maxAge=2592000)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110?tab=followers)

WWWW Server is high speed, secure and stable web server. Includes inside html,htm,txt,xml,php5,php7.0,php7.4,php8.0 rending of all. There are posible communication with x_GET variable about more capabilities. Includes capabilities about fast optimization and testing of all aspects on web developing.
More stable than ever.

## Getting Started [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansicolortags/badge/?version=latest)](http://ansicolortags.readthedocs.io/?badge=latest)

1. When you are ready about starting new web server you must to specify number of the port, that will.
2. Then must  to specify and directory about your web files. Where are they?
3. These things you could done inside file web_server.php at the end.
4. Be careful within directory, you could browse in files only if there are in. 


```php
$htpx_serverR = new WWWWW_server();
$htpx_serverR->http_server(8282, "/home/XXXX/Desktop/www1/" );
```

## Running the tests

```bash
sudo php8.0 web_server.php
```
Then we get the web server on (http://127.0.0.1:8282/)



## Example: [![Version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/tterb%2FHyde.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/tterb%2FHyde)
Inside your browser (http://127.0.0.1:8282/index.php)


##Feature
Further there are variants about GET,POST and HEAD, else obviosly and other variants are needs at today.
Further over all maybe there are variant and for parallel port usage.
Obviously the quality of code is more strong than else.
There could be the effectively common generated dinamically variables about POST,GET,HEAD.
The variables could be $POSTtextOfAll, $POSTtextCrapped, $GETpageNotFound, $HEADcheck, $HEADcheckAtNow.
There needs about dinamically port change and further work on it.
We get needs and variants about rendering, else with no case.
Least dinamically create and use encodings of a page may be are big, of course.


## Authors [![Code of Conduct](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20of-conduct-ff69b4.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

* **Kaloyan Hristov** - (https://github.com/X0xx-1110)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License [![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/apm/l/atomic-design-ui.svg?)](https://github.com/X0xx-1110/WWWW-Server/blob/main/LICENSE)

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

## Acknowledgments

* Inspiration about it all.
* Inspiration at all.
* About Inspiration
